>> Kevin: I'M NOT PUTTING YOU IN
HARM'S WAY AGAIN NOW.
[ SCREAMS ]
YOUR LITTLE BRAIN BLAST WORKED
ON THE PLUMBERS' HELPERS, BUT
YOU CAN'T TURN ME INTO ONE OF
YOU.
>> Servantis: YOU ALREADY ARE
ONE OF US.
>> Kevin: STOP!
YOU'RE NOT MY FRIEND!
>> Kickin Hawk: [ SHRIEKS ]
>> Kevin: HUNT THEM DOWN AND
DESTROY BEN TENNYSON.
[ ENERGY HUMMING ]
>> Lucky Girl: KEVIN WAS
SUPPOSED TO DESTROY YOU?!
>> Ben: THAT'S WHAT HE SAID.
>> Lucky Girl: WHERE'S HE STAND
NOW?
>> Ben: BACK IN THE "HATES BEN"
CAMP.
>> THE ROOTERS HAVE ALL THE
WEAPONS AND VEHICLES, AND THAT
HELEN GIRL'S THE FASTEST
KINECELERAN I EVER SAW, SO...
YOU KNOW, SHE'LL BE ALONG ANY
MINUTE.
WE NEED A PLAN!
>> Lucky Girl: I DON'T
UNDERSTAND.
THAT'S NOT THE KEVIN I KNOW --
KNEW.
>> Ben: WE'LL GET HIM BACK.
WE ALWAYS DO.
>> DUDE, THE ROOTERS PLAY FOR
KEEPS.
>> [ BARKING ]
>> HEY, DON'T GET ALL SQUINTY.
THEY NEVER TURNED ME TO THE DARK
SIDE OF THE...OH...WHATEVER.
[ CREATURES SNARLING ]
[ CREATURES WHIMPERING ]
>> Lucky Girl: WHAT GOT INTO
THEM?
>> BEATS ME.
THIS PLACE IS CRAWLING WITH
CROOKS AND MONSTERS.
[ RUMBLING ]
>> Ben: HUH?
>> [ ROARS ]
>> ♪ BEN 10
>> ♪ HE'S A KID, AND HE WANTS TO
HAVE FUN ♪
>> ♪ BUT WHEN YOU NEED A
SUPERHERO, HE GETS THE JOB
DONE ♪
>> ♪ BEN 10
>> ♪ WITH A DEVICE THAT HE WEARS
ON HIS ARM ♪
>> ♪ HE CAN CHANGE HIS SHAPE AND
SAVE THE WORLD FROM HARM ♪
>> ♪ WHEN TROUBLE'S TAKING
PLACE ♪
>> ♪ HE GETS RIGHT IN ITS FACE
>> ♪ BEN 10
>> ♪ WHEN LIVES ARE ON THE
LINE ♪
>> ♪ IT'S HERO TIME
>> ♪ BEN 10
>> [ ROARS ]
>> WAYBAD!
>> Ben: GIVE ME SOME ROOM,
EVERYBODY!
[ BEEP ]
>> Ball Weevil: WAYBIG'S GONNA
KNOCK THIS --
I --
OH.
[ ALL SCREAMING ]
[ SHRIEKS ]
>> Kevin: CHECK EVERY CREVICE
CAREFULLY.
ARGIT KNOWS EVERY HIDING PLACE
IN THE NULL VOID -- MORE THAN HE
EVER TOLD ME ABOUT.
>> SO, ALL THAT TIME WE WERE HIS
FRIENDS, DID YOU KNOW IT WAS A
LIE?
THAT SERVANTIS WAS JUST KEEPING
US CLOSE TO THE TARGET IN CASE
HE NEEDED US?
>> Kevin: YOU GOT A PROBLEM WITH
THAT, AGENT ALBRIGHT?
>> NOW I KNOW WHY I LOST MY
BROTHER.
BEN IS COMING OFF THE BOARD.
>> Kevin: AND WHEN WE SETTLE
THIS, IT'S GONNA BE IN PIERCE'S
NAME.
[ BEEP ]
>> SERVANTIS: Well said,
Agent Levin.
Now send Agent Wheels ahead.
She can cover more ground.
[ BEEP ]
HE HAD A RUDE AWAKENING WHEN HE
REMEMBERED HIS TRUE PURPOSE.
I NEVER COULD READ HIS THOUGHTS,
BUT I'D SAY KEVIN IS COMING
ALONG NICELY.
>> LET ME GET TENNYSON.
>> Servantis: NO NEED TO EXPEND
THE EFFORT.
THE CHILDREN ARE ON IT.
BESIDES, THEY CAN'T LEAVE
THE NULL VOID.
>> WHICH IS A LOT LESS SAFE THAN
IT USED TO BE.
>> Servantis: VERY TRUE.
IF BEN TENNYSON DOESN'T PERISH,
WE'LL FIND HIM EVENTUALLY -- AND
QUITE THE WORSE FOR WEAR, HMM?
>> Rook: ARGIT!
DISCHARGE ALL YOUR QUILLS INTO
THAT WAYBAD AT ONCE!
>> HEY, IT'S NOT LIKE I CAN JUST
CLOSE MY EYES AND MAKE IT
HAPPEN!
I GUESS I'M NOT SCARED ENOUGH --
WHICH, B-T-DUBS, SURPRISES ME TO
NO END.
>> [ ROARING ]
>> Rook: BEN!
>> [ BARKS ]
>> Rook: [ SIGHS ]
>> IT'S HERE SOMEWHERES.
AHH!
WE SHOULD BE SAFE HERE.
THE ROOTERS NEVER KNEW ABOUT
THIS PLACE.
HEY! MY OLD PROVISIONS!
>> Ben: THAT'S, WHAT --
FIVE-YEAR-OLD FOOD?
>> UGH! YEAH.
BUT...WAIT.
HA! A FLUFFA LOAF!
MMM!
AH. TASTY AS EVER.
HERE -- LUNCH IS ON ME.
>> Gwen: KEVIN LOVES THESE.
OR...AT LEAST THAT'S WHAT HE
SAID.
[ BOTH GAGGING ]
>> Ben: WE'LL GET HIM BACK,
GWEN.
TAKE IT FROM ME.
I'M..."THE COMING STORM" --
WHATEVER THAT IS.
>> [ YELPS ]
[ CHOMPS ]
>> WHAT THAT IS, IS SERVANTIS
THINKS YOU'RE TOO POWERFUL TO
LIVE.
HE ALWAYS DID.
>> Ben: OKAY, ARGIT, WHAT
EXACTLY DO YOU KNOW ABOUT ALL
THIS?
>> THAT IS A "TWO FLUFFA LOAF"
QUESTION.
MMM.
OKAY, SO, LIKE YOU ALREADY
KNOW, THE ROOTERS GRABBED UP A
FEW DIFFERENT SPECIES AS DNA
SAMPLES.
AND I WAS BY FAR THE CUTEST.
>> [ CHITTERS ]
>>   I KNOW HE WAS A DAXO NOZZLE
TO YOU BACK THEN, BUT ME AND
KEVIN -- WE GOT ALONG.
>> Kevin: EXTRA RATIONS,
HEDGEHOG.
>> THANKS, MAN.
>> Kevin: I'M SHIPPING OUT --
BACK TO EARTH.
GONNA SAVE THE WORLD.
AND BETWEEN YOU AND ME, THIS GUY
DESERVES WHAT'S COMING.
>> OKAY, MAN. WELL, HURRY BACK.
>> [ SQUEAKING ]
>> UNH!
[ GRUNTS ]
>>   ALL THE OTHER MISSIONS THEE
AMALGAMS WENT ON WERE ALL JUST
TRAINING FOR THIS MOMENT.
BENNY --
>> Ben: I GET IT.
THEY WERE COMING FOR ME.
>> Ben: WHY DID
PROCTOR SERVANTIS THINK I WAS
SUCH A THREAT?
I'M THE GOOD GUY.
>> HA.
THAT WATCH WAS A LOT OF POWER
FOR ONE SCUZZY LITTLE BRAT TO
HAVE.
UM, NO OFFENSE.
>> Ben: I WASN'T SCUZZY!
>> HEY. MY STORY.
SCUZZY OR NOT...
THEY WERE OFF TO GET YOU, AND I
SAW THE WHOLE THING.
SERVANTIS -- HE THOUGHT YOU
WERE DIABOLICAL EVIL-SPAWN.
>> Servantis: THAT WEAPON ON HIS
WRIST CAN TURN HIM INTO A
TOKUST'AR OR PERHAPS EVEN A
CELESTIAL SAPIEN.
THIS GRIMY CHILD COULD ONE DAY
JUST WISH EVERYTHING OUT OF
EXISTENCE.
>> Ben: "GRIMY"?!
LAST TIME, YOU SAID "SCUZZY."
>>   LET ME FINISH.
>> Servantis: ALL OF OUR SUBTLE
MANIPULATIONS CANNOT BE MADE A
JOKE BY A SCUZZY LITTLE BOY.
SO I HAVE ASSEMBLED YOU --
A BEN 10 HIT SQUAD.
KEVIN, WITH YOUR
ONE-IN-A-TRILLION OSMOSIAN
POWER, YOU'RE MY SECRET
WEAPON -- MY UNSUNG HERO.
>>   HE LAID IT ON REALLY THICK.
KEVIN WASN'T JUST AN AGENT.
HE WAS THE KEY TO THE ROOTERS'
POWERS, THE AMALGAMS' POWERS,
AND THEIR BEST HOPE TO PUNCH
BEN 10's TICKET.
>> Gwen: [ Sarcastically ] HE
MUST'VE BEEN A MOVING SPEAKER.
>>   I WAS LIVING IN A CAGE,
THANKS TO SERVANTIS, SO I
WASN'T EXACTLY INSPIRED.
BUT, UH...KEVIN ATE IT UP.
[ TIRES SCREECHING ]
>> [ CHITTERS ] HEY, MAN.
>> Kevin: IF YOU'RE RUNNING, YOU
BETTER START.
>>   MY KEVIN LEVIN EXPERIENCE S
DIFFERENT.
>> [ CHITTERING ]
>> Ben: KEVIN 11!
I BARELY RECOGNIZE YOU SINCE YOU
STOPPED COPYCATTING ME.
>> Kevin: GET OVER IT, YOU
LITTLE SNOT-RAG.
>> Ben: AAH!
UNH!
>> Max: DOWN!
>> Gwen: I HAD NO IDEA THOSE
WERE THE PLUMBERS' HELPERS.
>>   YEAH -- A BIT OF A DIFFERET
DRESS CODE BACK THEN.
[ BEEP ]
>> Eye Guy: HEY!
WHAT'S THE BIG EYE-DEA?
MY EYE!
SURPR-EYES!
>> Kevin: YAAH!
>> Eye Guy: SINCE WHEN DO YOU
USE A BLASTER?
>> Kevin: IT'S NOT A GOOD IDEA
FOR ME TO GET TOO CLOSE.
[ BEEP, ZAPPING ]
AAAAAAAH!
>> Eye Guy: AAAAAH!
[ WARBLING ]
>> Ben: [ GROANS ]
>> Kevin: [ Distorted ] GOOD
GOING, TENNYSON.
>> Ben: HUH?!
>> Kevin: [ ROARS ]
THIS BATCH IS EVEN BETTER THAN
THE LAST ONE!
>> Ben: AAAAND HERE COMES THE
CRAZY.
>> Kevin: CRAZY?!
I GOT FRIENDS IN HIGH PLACES
NOW, BRAT!
I'M THE HERO!
YOU'RE THE PROBLEM!
[ LAUGHS MANIACALLY ]
>>   I'D NEVER SEEN HIM FREAK LE
THAT -- BEFORE OR SINCE.
>> Kevin: AND ALL THIS TIME, YOU
LET ME THINK I WAS THE PROBLEM,
WHEN IT'S...YOU!
[ BEEP ]
>> XLR8: AAH! [ GRUNTS ]
>> AAH!
>> Gwen: AAH!
>> [ GRUNTS ]
>> Kevin: ALL OF YOU -- YOU'RE
THE PROBLEM!
AND I'M THE SOLUTION.
[ LAUGHING MANIACALLY ]
I WONDER IF I CAN GET YOU ALL
WITH ONE BLAST!
LET'S FIND OUT!
>> Gwen: [ GRUNTS ]
>> Kevin: LAME!
>> Gwen: SNAP OUT OF IT!
YOU NEED TO FOCUS, KEVIN!
[ Echoing ] CORONA!
>> Kevin: UNH!
LAME! LA--
UGH!
OHHHHH...
>>   I FIGURED I COULD CALM HIM
DOWN ENOUGH TO LISTEN TO
REASON.
I SORT OF OVERDID IT, THOUGH.
>> OH, GEEZ! ALAN!
>> Kevin: [ GASPS ]
>> Gwen: HEY, CREEPY, YOU OKAY?
>> Kevin: [ Weakly ] HEY.
[ CAN HISSING ]
>> W-W-WAIT!
KEVIN SAID IT WAS COOL!
YAAH! AAH!
THE PROCTOR WASN'T TOO
IMPRESSED.
HE CALLED THE WHOLE PROJECT A
FAILURE, WIPED EVERYONE'S
MEMORIES, AND SET THEM ALL
LOOSE IN THE NULL VOID.
ME TOO, EVEN THOUGH I WAS AN
INNOCENT BYSTANDARD.
>> Ben: SO, WHY DIDN'T SERVANTIS
TRY AGAIN WITH THE OTHER
ROOTERS OR A NEW BEN HIT SQUAD?
>> Rook: THE THREAT PASSED.
>> Ben: HUH?
OH, RIGHT -- WHEN I STOPPED
WEARING THE OMNITRIX.
>> Rook: BUT SERVANTIS WOULD
HAVE HEARD RECENTLY ABOUT YOUR
RE-CREATING THE UNIVERSE.
>> Gwen: OR MAYBE HE SENSED IT
OR MEASURED IT -- BIG BRAIN AND
ALL -- AND HE WENT LOOKING FOR
KEVIN TO RE-FORM THE HIT SQUAD.
SO, HERE'S THE QUESTION -- IF
KEVIN'S SOME KIND OF SLEEPER
AGENT, WAS HE EVER REALLY...
YOU KNOW...
>> Ben: WITH US?
>> LOOK, JUST DON'T GIVE UP ON
HIM.
WE ALL OWE HIM THAT MUCH.
DID I GIVE UP ON YOU GUYS WHEN
THE INCURSEANS INVADED?
>> All: YES!
>> YEAH.
T-T-T-THAT'S A TOTALLY DIFFERENT
SITUATION.
>> Rook: WE HAVE TO GET BEN AWAY
FROM THE ROOTERS, BUT THEIR
NULL VOID PROJECTOR IS THE ONLY
WAY OUT, AND IT IS HEAVILY
DEFENDED.
>> Ben: WE'LL SETTLE THE KEVIN
THING ON OUR WAY.
SO, JUST AS SOON AS IT'S
QUIET OUTSIDE --
[ EXPLOSION, RUMBLING ]
OR NOW. NOW IS GOOD, TOO.
>> [ ROARS ]
>> Gwen: [ GRUNTS ]
>> WHOA!
GO, DOG!
>> [ ROARS ]
>> Ben: UNH!
[ BEEP ]
>> Gutrot: NOW, LET'S SEE...
>> Rook: BEN, WHATEVER GUTROT IS
MIXING...
>> Gutrot: IT'S A PHEROMONE THAT
ATTRACTS YOUR WAYBADS.
>> Rook: ATTRACTS?
>> Gutrot: YEAH, I KNOW IT
SOUNDS WRONG.
PLEASE -- BEAR WITH ME.
GWEN...
FLOOR IT!
[ BUBBLING ]
>> [ ROARS ]
[ ALL GASP ]
[ ROARS ]
>> Kevin: LOOK OUT!
>> [ GASPS ]
[ GROWLS ]
>> Kevin: [ GRUNTS ]
>> Servantis: [ GROANS ]
>> Kevin: HELEN, GET HIM AND THE
OTHER KIDS TO THE CONTROL ROOM.
>> Servantis: THEY'RE TRYING TO
REACH THE NULL VOID PROJECTOR.
>> Kevin: ON IT!
>> [ SNARLS ]
>> Gutrot: SO, YOU'RE COMING
WITH OR WHAT?
>> Kevin: "WHAT."
[ GRUNTS ]
I'M NOT READY TO LEAVE, BEN.
I'VE GOT SOMETHING LEFT TO DO.
[ BEEP, ZAPPING ]
[ LAUGHING MANIACALLY ]
>> Ben: AW, MAN.
>> [ ROARS ]
[ ROARS ]
>> YEAH, GET LOST, YOU
>> [ ROARS ]
OVERGROWN --
>> YEAH, GET LOST, YOU
[ CLANKING ]
OVERGROWN --
HEY!
[ CLANKING ]
>> AAAH!
HEY!
>> LAB RAT!
>> AAAH!
I WAS JUST WONDERING WHERE YOU
>> LAB RAT!
WENT.
I WAS JUST WONDERING WHERE YOU
WANT TO SEE SOMETHING SCARY?!
WENT.
>> AAAAAAAAAAAH!
WANT TO SEE SOMETHING SCARY?!
>> Ben: [ GROANS ]
>> AAAAAAAAAAAH!
[ WEAK BEEP ]
>> Ben: [ GROANS ]
>> Kevin: [ LAUGHS ]
[ WEAK BEEP ]
FIRST THING YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO
>> Kevin: [ LAUGHS ]
DO IS...
FIRST THING YOU'RE GONNA HAVE TO
RELAX!
[ BEEP ]
>> Swampfire: [ GRUNTS ]
[ BOTH GRUNTING ]
>> Kevin: AAAH!
>> Swampfire: MAYBE YOU'RE TOO
CRAZY TO GET OUT OF HERE, BUT
I'VE GOT GWEN AND ROOK WAITING
FOR ME.
[ GRUNTS ]
>> Kevin: THAT HURT!
>> Swampfire: [ GROANS ]
>> Kevin: THE OTHERS ARE GONNA
HAVE TO WAIT!
>> Swampfire: UNNNNNH!
>> Kevin: YOU AND I HAVE
UNFINISHED BUSINESS!
AND I'VE NEVER BEEN SANER.
>> Lucky Girl: [ STRAINING ]
AAH!
>> Rook: LUCKY GIRL!
>> [ GROANS ]
>> Lucky Girl: NOW HOW DO WE GET
OUT?
[ OMNITRIX POWERS DOWN ]
>> Ben: A TIMEOUT?!
COME ON! HE'S GOT ALIENS!
>> Kevin: OUT OF RANGE! FINALLY!
HE CAN'T HEAR MY THOUGHTS, BUT
HE CAN HEAR YOURS.
>> Ben: AND THAT'S HOW THOSE
LEGS WORK.
[ GRUNTS ]
>> KEVIN, WE'RE ALL WAITING IN
THE CONTROL ROOM.
PROCTOR, TOO.
>> Kevin: THEN IT'S PAYBACK
TIME.
[ LAUGHS MANIACALLY ]
LET'S DO THIS FAST.
>> Ben: OR NOT FAST!
LIKE, MAYBE NOT AT ALL?
>> Kevin: [ LAUGHS MANIACALLY ]
>> Ben: UH-UH-AAAAAAH!
>> Kevin: NO NEED TO BE SCARED,
BEN.
WON'T CHANGE ANYTHING!
>> Ben: WHAT'S THAT?
>> A NON-BARYONIC DISRUPTOR
CHAMBER.
IT DESTROYS YOU AND THE OMNITRIX
AT THE SUB-QUANTUM LEVEL.
>> YOU'LL BE SECURELY DELETED.
>> Servantis: MY IDEA.
NOTHING IN THIS UNIVERSE -- OR
ANY OTHER -- MUST EVER BRING
BEN TENNYSON BACK TO PLAGUE US.
>> Ben: [ STRAINING ]
>> Kevin: DUDE, SAVE YOUR
STRENGTH.
>> Servantis: THANK YOU FOR
PROVING ME RIGHT, YOUNG MAN.
FOR A LITTLE WHILE, IT SEEMED
THAT YOU WEREN'T NEARLY THE
THREAT I HAD MADE YOU OUT TO BE.
[ BEEP ]
PUT HIM INSIDE.
>> Ben: [ GULPS ]
DAAH!
>> Servantis: [ GASPS ] W-WHY --
OF ALL THE TRAITOROUS --
>> KEVIN!
[ ALL SCREAMING ]
>> Kevin: SURPRISED, OLD MAN?
[ SCREAMING CONTINUES ]
>> Kevin: [ GROANS ]
[ GRUNTS ]
>> Ben: THAT WAS AWESOME!
IF...IT MEANS WHAT I THINK IT
MEANS.
>> Kevin: [ SIGHS ]
>> Servantis: [ MOANING ]
>> Kevin: YOU JUST DESTROYED
YOUR OWN LOYALTY NEURO-MATRIX.
YOU'RE LOCKED OUT OF THEIR
HEADS -- FOR GOOD.
JUST LIKE MINE.
>> NOW WE GET TO PICK A SIDE FOR
OURSELVES.
>> AND BETWEEN YOU AND ME AND
THE GATEPOST, THIS IS NOT GONNA
GO WELL FOR YOU.
>> Servantis: [ GRUNTING ]
>> Ben: SO, YOU'RE REALLY NOT
CRAZY?
>> Kevin: NOT TOTALLY --
THANKS TO THAT FIRST LITTLE
BRAIN ZAP I GOT FROM SERVANTIS.
>> Servantis: I MIGHT HAVE
KNOWN!
>> Kevin: DO YOU MIND?!
I'D HAVE FREED THE PLUMBERS'
HELPERS SOONER, BUT I NEEDED
SERVANTIS AND THE AMALGAMS ALL
IN ONE SPOT TO DO IT.
I DIDN'T FIGURE ON YOU SHOWING
UP AND COMPLICATING THINGS --
AS USUAL.
[ GROANS ]
>> Ben: SORRY.
[ DOOR WHIRS ]
[ HATCH CREAKS ]
[ CLANKING ]
>> [ GRUNTS ]
WHAT'D I MISS?
>> Servantis: YOU THINK THIS
OMNIPOTENT MONSTER IS THE GOOD
GUY?!
>> Kevin: I KNOW IT.
BEN'S THE GREATEST FRIEND I EVER
HAD.
>> HELLO?!
>> Kevin: THOUGH, EVER SINCE WE
BECAME FRIENDS, I KEEP GETTING
THIS RESIDUAL URGE TO WASTE YOU.
>> Ben: SOMETIMES I CAN TELL.
>> Kevin: BUT IF I'D GONE
THROUGH WITH IT, THE UNIVERSE
WOULD BE GONE A FEW TIMES OVER,
AND THEN WOULDN'T I LOOK LIKE A
JERK?
>> Ben: NO MORE THAN USUAL.
>> Kevin: SEE, BEN'S LIKE A
BROTHER TO ME, EVEN WHEN I DON'T
DESERVE IT.
>> KEVIN, YOU PROMISED ME
REVENGE FOR MY BROTHER.
>> Servantis: AAH!
[ GROANS ]
>> THANKS.
>> [ SNORING ]
>> Ben: YOU SURE THEY'RE GONNA
SHOW?
>> Rook: STANDARD PROCEDURE.
WHEN THE ROOTERS DISABLED THEIR
NULL VOID PROJECTOR, THEY ALSO
CUT ITS DAILY NEUTRINO BURST TO
PLUMBER COMMAND.
>> Servantis: [ GROANS ]
AND WHEN THE PLUMBERS ARRIVE,
YOU'RE ALL IN A HEAP OF TROUBLE.
>> [ SNORING CONTINUES ]
>> WELL, WELL, WELL.
WOULD YOU LOOK AT THIS.
>> Max: PROCTOR, I THINK YOU
KNOW THE MAGISTRATA.
>> Servantis: M-M-MAGISTRATA?
>> PROCTOR SERVANTIS.
YOU ARE AWARE OF THE PLUMBER
MISSION?
>> Rook: "TO SAFEGUARD AND
PROMOTE THE PUBLIC WELL-BEING
THROUGHOUT THE GALAXY."
>> THANK YOU.
WHEN EARTH JOINED WITH US, WE
ALLOWED THIS SECRET BAND OF YOUR
FIRST PLUMBERS TO CONTINUE, AS
AN EXPERIMENT IN CULTURAL
SENSITIVITY.
BUT THE EXPERIMENT HAS ENDED.
YOU STAND IN VIOLATION OF OUR
NOBLE MISSION.
AND NOW YOU MUST ANSWER FOR YOUR
TERRIBLE ACTS.
>> Servantis: WHAT?
YOU DON'T SERIOUSLY BELIEVE YOU
CAN ARREST ME?!
>> OF COURSE NOT.
NO ONE MUST EVER LEARN OF THIS.
YOU REMAIN ABOVE THE LAW.
HOWEVER...
>> THANK YOU, MAGGIE.
NOW, THEN, PROCTOR SERVANTIS,
MAGISTER LEANDER, AGENTS SWIFT
AND, UH, BILLINGS, YOUR
PLUMBERS' COMMISSIONS HAVE BEEN
REVOKED.
A NULL VOID RECALL ORDER HAS
BEEN ISSUED FOR ALL PLUMBER
PROPERTY.
>> GOODBYE.
>> Ben: I HOPE BURGER SHACK IS
READY FOR THE "COMING STORM."
>> Rook: I SEE WHAT YOU DID
THERE.
>> GO, DOG.
>> Kevin: WHY'D YOU GO SHOWING
BEN MY GOODBYE LETTER?
I MEAN...MY CODED MESSAGE?
>> Gwen: SO, THAT WAS THE WEAK
LINK -- NOT YOU FAKING A NUTTY?
>> Kevin: WHICH YOU TOTALLY
BOUGHT.
>> [ SNARLS ]
>> I FEEL LIKE MY REAL LIFE JUST
BEGAN.
>> [ SNORING CONTINUES ]
>> Max: READY, PARTNER?
>> [ LAUGHS ]
I GOT YOUR SIX.
>> Servantis: [ GASPS ]
>> [ SNORING CONTINUES ]
>> Ben: GOOD LUCK WITH THE
WAYBADS.
>> [ SNORING CONTINUES ]
[ CREATURES ROAR IN DISTANCE ]
>> Servantis: [ GASPS ]
>> [ ROARS ]
>> ♪ BEN 10
♪ BEN 10